docs: update component content (#45501)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/dynamic-component-loader.md

The &grave;&lt;ng-template&gt;&grave; element is a good choice for dynamic components
because it doesn't render any additional output.

{&commat;a resolving-components}

&num;&num; Resolving components

Take a closer look at the methods in &grave;ad-banner.component.ts&grave;.

&grave;AdBannerComponent&grave; takes an array of &grave;AdItem&grave; objects as input,
which ultimately comes from &grave;AdService&grave;.  &grave;AdItem&grave; objects specify
the type of component to load and any data to bind to the
component.&grave;AdService&grave; returns the actual ads making up the ad campaign.

Passing an array of components to &grave;AdBannerComponent&grave; allows for a
dynamic list of ads without static elements in the template.

With its &grave;getAds\(\)&grave; method, &grave;AdBannerComponent&grave; cycles through the array of &grave;AdItems&grave;
and loads a new component every 3 seconds by calling &grave;loadComponent\(\)&grave;.

&lt;code-example path="dynamic-component-loader/src/app/ad-banner.component.ts" region="class" header="src/app/ad-banner.component.ts \(excerpt\)"&gt;&lt;/code-example&gt;

> The &grave;loadComponent\(\)&grave; method is doing a lot of the heavy lifting here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The &grave;loadComponent\(\)&grave; method is doing a lot of the work here.
```
